BD-4364 GA Report Builder (new) and Dashboard Builder (#9295)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/analytics/reporting/dashboard_builder.md

### Adjust tile size and position

Adjust the tile size by dragging the bottom right corner of the tile, and adjust the tile position on the dashboard by dragging the handle at the top right corner of the tile.

## Running a dashboard template

1. Go to **Analytics** > **Dashboard Builder**. The home page lists all existing dashboards within your workspace, with Braze-created templates at the top. These are denoted with "(Braze)" in the title.
2. Select the dashboard you’re interested in.
3. Select **Run Dashboard** to load the respective dashboard using that template.

### Available dashboard templates

Braze provides pre-built dashboard templates for frequent use cases such as analysis of revenue using last-touch attribution. Note that the ability to edit a template dashboard is not yet available. Reach out to your customer success manager if you'd like to see certain dashboard templates in future template releases.

#### Revenue - Last Touch Attribution

The **Revenue - Last Touch Attribution** template provides a review of revenue across campaigns, Canvases, and channels. All revenue data is attributed to the last-touched message during the attribution window.

> Touches include `Email Click`, `Content Card Click`, `In-App Message Click`, `SMS Delivery`, `WhatsApp Read`, and `Webhook Send`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Touches include `Email Click`, `Content Card Click`, `In-App Message Click`, `SMS Delivery`, `WhatsApp Read`, and `Webhook Send`.
```
Should these by italicized? Disregard if they should be styled as code!

| Purchases per Product | A count of all purchases grouped by product. |
| Revenue by Channel | Sum of all campaign and Canvas revenue events with a qualifying last-touch event, grouped by channel. | 
| Revenue Time Series | Sum of all campaign and Canvas revenue events with a qualifying last-touch event, grouped by day in UTC. |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 role="presentation" }

#### Devices and carriers

| Metrics | Definition |
| --- | --- |
| Device Carriers | Count of users in the selected date range who opened a push notification, grouped by device carrier. |
| Device Model | Count of users in the selected date range who opened a push notification, grouped by device model. |
| Device Operating System | Count of users in the selected date range who opened a push notification, grouped by device operating system. |
| Device Screen Size | Count of users in the selected date range who opened a push notification, grouped by device screen resolution (size). |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 role="presentation" }

## Share your feedback with us

> Feel free to share your feedback with us by selecting the **Send feedback** button or contacting your customer success manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the **Send feedback** button or contact your customer success manager to share your feedback with us.
```
Minor suggestion, feel free to disregard~
